v1.18.0 (#8775)
ofiwg/libfabric: NEWS.md

## Core

- rocr: fix offset calculation
- rocr: use ofi spinlock functions
- rocr: minor fixes
- neuron: convert warn to info for nrt_get_dmabuf_fd not found
- neuron: check existance of neuron devices during initialization
- neuron: Add support for neuron dma-buf
- ze: update ZE to support new driver index specification
- List variables read from config file
- Add switch to prefer system-config over environment
- Add basic system-config support for setting library variables
- Move peer provider defines into new header
- rocr: Support asynchronous memory copies
- rocr: Add support for ROCR IPC
- rocr: rename rocr data-structures
- synpaseai: return 0 for host_register and host_deregister
- fabric: Improve log level of provider mismatch
- cuda: Allow CUDA IPC when P2P disabled
- ze: add ZE command list pool to reuse command lists
- cuda: implement cuda_get_xfer_setting for non cuda build
- cuda: adjust FI_HMEM_CUDA_ENABLE_XFER behavior
- cuda.c: Add const to param to remove warning
- Add IFF_RUNNING check to indicate iface is up and running
- io_uring support enhancements

## EFA

> - Implement CUDA support on instance that does support GPUDirect RDMA

Reviewer: Small mistake on our part here, but an important distinction. Sorry 🙂

```suggestion
- Implement CUDA support on instance types that do not support GPUDirect RDMA
```

Author: I'll update the NEWS and redo the release package.  I won't update the PR, to let the CI finish.

Reviewer 2: @darrylabbate good catch, thx.
